Hmm
Good
What Is I got something like opening the station was Juri over
I arrived at 9
Yes Let's take a look at optics i bought this today iphone 5 c
This is iphone 5 which I'm sure would like to just you
It 's too much to wrap behind, this is Aiko
The back is already half ago before the appearance
It's different from the
But if you look at this woman, you will see 5 and 5 c together.
It's the same thing, it's a bit of a mess
Camera position is also different
You're Well then let's file comparison
5 Well First
Yes oops sound of this cat 's volume o Mr. Tofu
The person to mute and the amount of plus and minus buttons
I think that it is a pipe with about 2 minutes 5 Come 5 ace
Maa roughly like this
It's like this with 5 c
It may be hard to see, but the whole name is thinner than the whole
It is no notation also mountains
Which is never Perak Tacoma Nari directly below
This is not changing now
I of this time Well
What is the size of the iphone 5
Today Bomise 9 cm while looking at the length of here 59.2
5 centimeters
Vertical is in about 6 cm
124.4 days here is 1204.4 mm
12 cm It is heat is Choi network is
8.97 days it was a little thicker than the previous
132 g in weight
It is not the chip is a 6 chip which is 5 same division under
It does not change when doing
There are no wards who are usually joined by a bunch of people , usually 5 bundles to a 5 sheet , with a warmth in the civil war 112g etc.
I think the width
It width is located place also little or even width If you change
But width and height are parts of this really
Same as in key display size of the rear screen much the minute you are with this color and 8 inches
I think it will not change after that, so you will be able to take a picture during 8-stream shooting
Sanbaizu comes with also like
Oh well this time a little bit more of the cat 's spirit of the battery has risen
Up to 10 hours continuous standby time up to 250 hours 10 hours with 3 hours of continuous talk time
wi-fi at about maximum Well roughly 10 hours is about it 10 hours Well normally
If it can be used
That's right. Well, that's the content .
The contents are a bit new like this
ios 7
The icons are cute too, but the icons are like this.
5 I have a feeling that I feel better
Fife c
In accordance with the icon contents, such as was made is so I specifically something and take a look at here in the
I feel a little uncomfortable
Really I feel a physical disorder feeling
Think about what this safari is really good for
I 'll take care of it, so is it a little disappointing?
It's a nan 9 a 3 hole or this speaker
Only here one But something right or right behalf of which are here or is but is what properly Zico
It is not
There is only one
Because I stretched also here from Ne I'd not also have the future that broke the sheep high school was the organization
Here I see if I'd say in Tsu pattern
Pana is a small number
I think it's okay thanks
Hey do you try a little Well then video playback to try
It should be noted that you want to introduce
It's not the end, it's really surprising one, it might not be such a change
Yes this is the volume of the iphone 5
Such
I don't think that's the case
That 's not such a change
Yes it was today today
Hey I think you and is a little Boryumi feel more of Koch
Jellyfish Cat Iphone 5 I purchased
Yes Well Well Mizuiromidori yellow to other I sound
There is a back, but if you like it from now on
It does not change at all does not change at all the files, please Hey
It is good to be easy to hold back here
Please try to sell the available plug place
iphone probably 5 c
Everybody
It said in front of the sense as it is in in 9 ailing not turn
hauhau
The